Docs: Revamp error tracking (#10439)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/sentry.mdx

---
title: Sentry
icon: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/posthog.com/contents/images/docs/integrate/frameworks/sentry.svg
---

## Why does this exist?

Our Sentry integration is a two-way integration which works on JavaScript & Python. Once installed, it will:

- Add a direct link in Sentry to the profile of the person affected in PostHog.
- Send an `$exception` event to PostHog with a direct link to Sentry.

This way, debugging issues becomes a lot easier, and you can also correlate error data with your product metrics.

> If you're looking for the PostHog + Sentry integration for Python, please check out the [Python docs](/docs/integrate/server/python#sentry).

## Installation

import SentryInstall from './_snippets/install-sentry.mdx'

<SentryInstall />

### Usage

In PostHog, you'll now have `$exception` events, which have a "Sentry URL" link to take you to the exception:

![Sentry exception event in PostHog](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/v1710055416/posthog.com/contents/images/sentry_posthog_exception.png)

> You can also monitor and manage these events in the [error tracking dashboard](https://us.posthog.com/error_tracking).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also monitor and manage these events in the [error tracking issue list](https://us.posthog.com/error_tracking).
```
